it's been a process it takes trust
building because the way we sold schedules before is
not the same we have a new tool we have new
data that allows us to do that we've had a couple of recent examples where clients have
jump in the water with us they've tried it and said giving us an opportunity to say let's see how this works for two or three months and let's see if the
results and you know the last few opportunities we've had we we've been able to turn clients come back to us until you know what
the schedule work better at delivered more we are able to show them
do unique number of households and clients we were potential clients were you able to reach using audits intelligence for local versus
our traditional way of building schedule so we're starting to build a success stories
la18 you have success they share with their team and then others looked at that same success with their clients
NOTE lang en